Name: Christopher Ellis

The 2 questions that need to be answered are answered at the bottom of this file

The proper login credentials to log into the ftp server are provided below

username: cs472
password: hw2ftp

Starting the program:
To start the program you will need to open the terminal or use your terminal window in pycharm and type the below command.
"python3 Client.py"

Once the program has started it will welcome you after connecting to the server and it will request that you give it a username credential and a password.
This will be done in separate steps so please follow the prompts properly
if you enter the credentials properly, you will be prompted with a list of commands that can be used and asked which of them you would like to perform.

Running Commands
to perform one of the commands you will need to enter the number of the command you would like to perform. Entering anything else will the error message below.
"That command is not recognized"

Some commands such as Help, "Display Operating System Version", "Print Working Directory", and others will need no arguments given to them

Other commands will require a user to give input such as a full file path or a full directory path.
For commands that require user input, the user will be prompted to give exactly what is needed along with examples

1.Think about the conversation of FTP – how does each side validate the other (on the
connection AND data ports – think of each separately)? How do they trust that they’re
getting a connection from the right person?

1-Answer:
There are several things that play into ensuring that the connection is made with the right person.
For the connection, the server validates the client by checking the client credentials before allowing any interaction.
In addition, both sides consistently check each other through the messages that are sent once the control socket is established.
For the data port the validation comes in a couple ways. For passive connections, the server sends what port and hostname for the client
to use and the client connects to that specific and for active data port connections the client binds to a specific
port and lets the server know what port to listen on. In this way they communicate directly by sending each other, in a way, the network credentials to use.

2.How does your client know that it’s sending the right commands in the right order? How
does it know the sender is trustworthy?

2-Answer:
The client knows it is sending the commands in the right order because of sliding window protocols.
Each of the PDUs are sent with a sequence number so that the server knows what order they should be in.
What the client sends out of order the server will put back in order upon reception.